Hello people, welcome back.
here in this class we will be applying the
texture of our model here in the case in
our island
obviously I want to apply on earth
we are putting into practice what in itself
even the theory of previous classes
because in the material comes the panel
texture in mexico
is selected
click on it I put the name logically
land type ii but opt and open
my texture and the directory you have there
in your computer
this texture is from a collection that you
is there in the tone of the site which is the total
image you have there on the screen the collection
more than 1500 textures are all
in high resolution where much of it is
you will notice that in the
video that tested dockable facilitate
well the work and it is the tip for who
want resources to use work
personal or business
there is the tip well open the texture I
I'll set up for the v mode
and come here text mode to see how it
it's just seeming nothing because
nothing is appearing because
set ov still hear it here
view pictures and editor
I'll open there again and now I will
only select the earth selection and
close to unwrap squeeze smarttv
project he does he kind of does the
my ver
automatically it sort of analyzes the
shape and think ah I think if he
Could not stay legal
it kind of cuts the tide of
smart way was getting easier
apply the texture logically has that
process and cutting the mesh that I
I taught previously
I'm here ismael sees project is a hand
on the wheel practically for whom to whom
Do you want to do something fast?
let me come here open textures tackle
mote just left and now I will select
everything is fine
so that's why the textures are
can not see
regardless of how much it
decrease
they fit together side by side if they
texture did not fit the web
look like it's cut out to friend texture
here on the surface
The correct thing is that I want this
texture gets a little more yellowish
how I do it here in color system
here rgb multiply increase 1.2 knowing
that she is becoming one more like
the moment there was also
more yellow 1,500.00 baby looks good
hopscotch
what is known is that how do you know
daniel is for you to learn how to
manipulating values based on the color with
this is playing with these values ​​is
for sale for example 60 ôôôô blue and together
green and red turns yellow
That's why I know if you increase the
red and green I know she gets more
tomorrow yellowish your tone
that deal gets here is where you
choose the color of the model and stay
playing with values in a way
you learn well is just that.
not only is this not because because I want
kind of leave color hype here in
my bag and break out I'll kind of let
around her I want to leave the
Brown
let's leave here in normal mode middle
brown and surrounding
it's just to give a dark tint
around the one from my model for sale
it's nothing much just basic detail only
for my model not get as key
so expensive, that speaks
is so uniform so regular to texture
surface
Let me be here, the tacin is
looking more like the role with something more
some correct customization now I'm going
apply on grass in the grass make
same thing
add image new image in the middle to
mow the lawn here have O les textures
I'm ready to leave it in the way it sees
ov
also this texture also adopted catoe
But you see she's pretty big, too.
fit select touch that select
did you select only the area where the
here in text mode because it is already the
enough and fly gives a fan ismael sees
project ready
independent of texture is open here
or do not look already handle handle see
correct rock that stays so
interesting let's check it out
internet see only
only decided to take this speculate that not
right here
I can not afford to speculate very lightly
It's so light and interesting.
enjoying that I'm here I go
set up this lighting
I came here interestingly the way
blog address is thing of what is what
I have set the illumination in time
real in a very simple way
Jose was very careful to
set the rotation of the sun because
anything
He is there, now there is more illumination.
cool but have to do here I go
make this light softer
let me see a 15 Itabom rain here O
b a control was cool
there was interesting right there to our
our texture she did not give a realistic
to our model
What was the purpose of applying texture
that fleeing texture was either me
apply an irregularity to the surface
kind of let it count differently from a
different side of the other to compose
some artistic in the let model
that solid color
're seeing that gives a slight pressure
our role model
so this was part of the 1 in the style of
work and the texture of good air
so in our personal model I'm going
End here
this lesson was intended to show the
application in texture in practice
It's not until the next class.